OKTA-449821: Splunk cloud log streaming dev docs (#2991)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/api/log-streaming/index.md

        "method": "POST"
      }
    }
  },
  {
    "id": "0oa129gzYyV6oWs1D0g4",
    "type": "splunk_cloud_logstreaming",
    "name": "Example Splunk Cloud",
    "lastUpdated": "2021-11-30T15:16:09.000Z",
    "created": "2021-11-30T15:16:09.000Z",
    "status": "ACTIVE",
    "settings": {
      "host": "acme.splunkcloud.com",
      "token": "1e652bb8-3ef8-427b-9f00-222e1bbe3832"
    },
    "_links": {
      "self": {

>         "href": "http://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/logStreams/0oa129gzYyV6oWs1D0g4",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "href": "http://{yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/logStreams/0oa129gzYyV6oWs1D0g4",
```

| eu-south-1 | Europe (Milan) |
| eu-north-1 | Europe (Stockholm) |

### Splunk Cloud Settings object

The Splunk Cloud Settings object specifies the configuration for the `splunk_cloud_logstreaming` Log Stream type.

#### Splunk Cloud Settings example

```json
{
  "host": "acme.splunkcloud.com"
  "token": "11111111-1111-2222-2222-222222222222"
}
```

#### Splunk Cloud Settings properties

| Property      | Description                                                  | DataType                                                       | Nullable | Unique | Readonly | MinLength | MaxLength |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- | ------ | -------- | --------- | --------- |

> | host            | The domain for your Splunk Cloud instance without http or https. For example: `acme.splunkcloud.com`                                       | String                                                         | FALSE    | FALSE   | FALSE     |      17     |     116      |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| host            | The domain name for your Splunk Cloud instance. Don't include `http` or `https` in the string. For example: `acme.splunkcloud.com`                                       | String                                                         | FALSE    | FALSE   | FALSE     |      17     |     116      |
```

> | token     | The HEC token for your Splunk Cloud HTTP Event Collector.              | String (GUID format)  | FALSE | FALSE | FALSE  |  36 |  36   |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| token     | The HEC token for your Splunk Cloud HTTP Event Collector             | String (GUID format)  | FALSE | FALSE | FALSE  |  36 |  36   |
```
